whether you want to make your boat go
faster perform more reliably or just
look cooler boost power USA is your next
call at boost power we cater to the full
spectrum of performance marine craft our
race proven line of engines and
accessories are known all over the
planet we build and service
superchargers turbochargers out drives
fuel injectors throttle bodies visit our
retail shop in Newbury Park California
or see us at boost power calm
don't touch your mouse we'll be right
back whether you've got a set of bezels
or a car frame Eddie marine can turn
anything metal into a work of art fusion
coating it's the smart alternative to
anodizing the bright colors pop right
off your parts fusion coat by eddie
marine it's like candy for your eyes
welcome to the powerboat p 128 SS this
is a brand new concept boat that power
boat p1 started development on in
mid-july and we are now sitting the
first week of december and we're sitting
in what is the first completed prototype
boat and it is a really unique boat from
a lot of different ways it was
completely designed and engineered in
the digital realm in a 3d modeling
environment so we were able to control
all the elements of this boat from
absolute initial design concept to what
you see today as a result of actually
building the tooling and being ready to
go into full production on the boat it
was genuinely a Intercontinental effort
with designers from Italy the UK and
here in the US helping to put this whole
project together we have a lot of
interesting design styling effects that
really come from strong Italian
background in the car world with one of
our the initial concept designer really
being based in Italy and having a strong
foundation in Formula one and one of the
Renault series of cars so there's some
very unique styling features of going
with this boat the overall concept of
the boat is to be a single engine be
bottom outboard boat that's
cost-effective to get into a competitive
environment where this boat is the only
boat that's legal to run in an overall
one design series where all the boats
are identical wherever you race in the
world initially they're all being built
here in the US and we're working with a
number of different people to help put
that together the tooling was all done
at marine concepts down in Cape Coral
Florida and those guys did a great job
taking all the the digital information
we provided to them and turning it into
the tooling that built this boat some of
the really unique features of the boat
aside from the design
and styling which are totally unique is
this boats ability to convert from being
a pleasure boat to a race boat in five
minutes time or so by the actual owner
of the boat three knobs you unscrew this
rear cowl which provides structural
safety as well as styling for the boat
for the racing purposes you take this
off and you've got seats in the rear to
provide a full pleasure boat opportunity
with storage in their storage in the
side of the boat you've got coolers it's
got drink holders in at a stereo all the
things you would want in a pleasure boat
at a very cost effective and affordable
price this boat is targeted to have a
retail price at or around 90 thousand
dollars ideally on the trailer we're
still working out the stages on absence
were so early in the development of this
boat it's actually being released to the
world on the ninth of December at PRI
the model version of this was already
released to the uim in Malta about four
weeks ago and was received very well the
race teams that are currently running
the Superstock series in Europe are
already up to speed in our weather this
boat is coming and we've got a
tremendous amount of interest already
we're really looking forward to taking
this to the marketplace and getting the
feedback of the consumers as they take a
look at it as well as the racers we put
a lot of effort and thought into the
safety elements that go into it comfort
and the ability to give a very sleek
styling feeling when you're sitting in
this boat you've got plenty of room and
protection around you you feel secure
you're sitting a little bit below the
deck from the protection from side
impact you've got great visibility
through our canopy that was built by
aeromarine out in California Carmen did
a fantastic job on a very clear optical
part that allows it you get that
sensation of sitting in a canopy boat
without really being in a canopy this
seems to recaro seat sitting on shock
mounts so you get a lot more comfort
when you're running in rougher water
conditions we set this boat up so that
it can be run as a foot throttle by a
single driver or it can also be split up
so you could drive in throttle in a
traditional offshore kind of a manner
the circuit that these boats are going
to run on are going to be smaller
racecourses they're ideally going to be
able to run in stadium type environments
we're going to think of the Miami Marine
Stadium and the opportunity to race in
front of large groups of people on a
smaller racecourse but you're going to
have a good number of these boats out
there running initially in the US we're
looking at having five to six races that
would run on a national basis that would
expand to probably five times that many
of the following year but that model is
being replicated in other countries
around the world moving towards regional
national continental and ultimately
World Championship type events where
you've got a huge number of people all
competing in boats that are identical
across the world separating out who's
the best and it's not the matter of the
checkbook that gets you there it's the
guys in the boat that make the
difference
customize and finish the look of your
helm with new Italian built steering
wheels from eddie marine with a urethane
finish and six bright colors these
wheels will easily match the rest of
your hardware and for under the hood
Eddie's new sea strainer is made from
billet aluminum an o-ring sealed to
prevent leakage we can color match it to
any hardware on your boat don't let your
sea strainer be a sore thumb in your
bilge compartment